the toy pack
hello everybody welcome to toy park and
today we are going to be unboxing mister
Iron Man and Captain America I'm super
excited because apparently these two
action figures they can make noise you
see these errors special sound effects
which this body Oh No we gotta stop
Ultron what else do you say cool
how about Iron Man we're golf buster so
which one should we open fool it's got a
light - that's scary it's still talking
about itself like still on I don't have
to do anything I don't even open Juliet
and heard you talking and playing by
ourselves cool maybe let's open
Captain America first huh mmm blocks
just walks away and he's always got a
massive shield to protect himself from
all the bad guys take this arrow law and
the arrow is just there to show you
where to push the button this okay
mister Captain America mm okay so he
talks quite a lot let's think about the
best sticky thing a lot of wire and you
just break it out hmm
probably better just get a cutter
okay cut you
yeah captain Mary all right I'm just
gonna get the shield up
shield is out
Captain America she like guess it's got
this little handle here and Captain
American can move his arms yeah yo on
man I'm out the box and you're still in
the box and we push your button yes and
president I'm out the box and you're not
more ha ha all right let's put the
shield hold the shield oh you can only
hold it with your right hand huh
so you can't block yourself from
anything on the left okay so I think you
just am i I'm my briefing you on the
situation I'm trying to hold the shield
right now mr. iron man okay like that
can your legs move yep likes to move to
move pretty cool looking Captain America
all right all right
Avengers Assemble let's uh let's get mr.
Iron Man out the box shall we what else
do you do you do anything different you
have any cool shields do have this light
okay there's uh let's get you out the
box all right mr. Captain America you
should all talking without me touching
you that's kind of cool
I have a friend get about the bucks all
right
just cut these strings off back gonna
cut yourself when you're opening the box
way an Iron Man is removed all right so
now we have Iron Man and let's take this
arrow of you Oh get off carefully nice
so what what design man see you always
charges and his light stays on very cool
she's shine your light on Iron Man hey
buddy
Wow that's it online let's see if these
two can have a conversation so wait you
guys are best friends you shouldn't be
fighting right so maybe we've got to
find find the home that is awesome not
even touching you now all right well
that's uh that looks like other than
moving your arms and your legs and can
you bend your knees nope not very
flexible Iron Man but very very cool
high five smash fist bump
high five okay stand still
I think you've said everything huh is
there anything else you want to say okay
we know that yeah all right
cool well I think these are awesome and
I hope you do too sweet see you next
time